Privacy Policy
We recommend reading the Privacy Policy before accepting these terms.

Categories:
Section #1: Privacy Policy

Section #1: Privacy Policy
Definitions
- Company (commonly referred to as "Seizure Salad Software", "seizure", "We", "Us", "Our", in this agreement) refers to Seizure Salad Software.
- Program (commonly referred to as "Trident" in this agreement) refers to any program made by Seizure Salad Software.
- Service refers to any related services to Seizure Salad Software and the referenced Programs.
- Personal Information (commonly referred to as "Data", "Information") is the information we collect for the purpose determined by Arch Development.
- You (commonly referred to as "Your") means the individual accessing or using the Service or Projects, or the company or any other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service or Projects, as applicable.

Section One: Collection

What Does Trident & Seizure Salad Software collect?
Literally nothing. We don't collect any data but we might in the future.

Request removal of your data
We will remove your Personal Information from our servers upon request. You can request the removal of any collected data in the future by contacting our staff team on Discord, the request will be processed manually.

Section Two: Data Usage

What does Seizure Salad Software do with my Data?
Seizure Salad Software we do nothing with it as we don't collect it (as of right now).

Does Seizure Salad Software sell data to any other companies?
Seizure Salad Software does not sell your private data to any companies (Tech Companies, Advertising Companies) and never plans to in the future.

How long does Seizure Salad Software store my data?
Seizure Salad Software stores no data as of right now.

Section Three : Modifications
If Arch's API was modified in any form, any bans from users that use that modified API won't be our fault.

Section Four: Changes

Changes To Privacy Policy
We of Seizure Salad Software, reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace the Privacy Policy at any time. If revision is material, we will make efforts to provide at least 30 days' notice prior to any new policies taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.
